hardware info smarttv streaming word
made possible by host from iis
in this episode of heart we are one for
TV
the alienware heria fifty one
welcome to heart in vtv
bel has research medium one
special new game PC introduced
his name is and ria fifty-one
and when you look at it you see that name
very well chosen because yes it seems there
really like this game plus 700 plus
year for me so to take off
in a set of of a science fiction
series or film can come
yes it looks very special
from yes a bit of a triangular type
housing with yes lighting here
side and the birds are in it too
lights on the motherboard too
different in what we are used to from this
type of systems
yes it looks very special yes
a we is the luxury brand vandal ever
bought the doorbell and then bought it separately
every year for years
they really specialize in PCs
but also really specialize skewers
are really specific products
alienware developed for this market it
It is not that they are a deluxe
product suits and there just briefly
a whole you are plug or pick up
they buy sensible cupboards
neither is this indeed something green
is designed by themselves and then that
green is specially constructed
well he was starting over the
configuration to talk these systems
start at around fifteen hundred euros
but the corporation is so state here
in tricks and calls
yes here is a 5930 cain combined
with 16 bit gigabyte memory
from Samsung combines modules further
with a samsung ssd and 4 therapist hard
disk are for example in and in
a total of three and 992 x's in scratch-free
yes but it is all those systems
so yes also the entry model as far as you
so please call are 500
all based on hezbollah on it
most luxurious process platform from linton yes
and yes you do see actually
the configurations that they offer then yes
they are also just very luxurious on this
moment when you go look at the website
of a things away before is meant in
the most luxurious variant offered with
three GTX 770 side by side you are on
36 100 euros look this is of course it
type of system i would say if you are for this
is going to make you go well yes and just
as with
as sent normal systems from
dell on the site green neatly
configure precise click how much
memory what storage
you name it and of course if you still
You can always have specific wishes
call and then can
now go one step further and
configuration now a system with a
haswell processor and some video card in it
tinkering each other can do a lot
normal computer stores also for you
to do
what makes this product so special
is actually just yes somewhat in the
cupboard which is in it and then also the
finishing the overall picture
so let's just go there
see what you have that computer
sitting in this is really special well
I need a bit of a difference
is with what you feel with a system
Buying a regular computer store is like that
this of course just really transported
should be able to be this should really be forgotten
must be this must be to all
inspections etcetera etcetera
season also feels that he is from
inside is not finished black
big boy that is silver finished
that is partly due to shielding
to be done that way
but if you also really go inside
then you also see that he really
is completely different than what you are
are used to a normal computer
yes that is not a hard disk here
sit at the back is sitting with
actually that the motherboard a bit
is placed diagonally
yes and yes it is indeed what that
type of triangle yes actually one
hexagon and the joke is that this is him
actim standard way you down
can put him as for whatever reasons on jim
move forward or backward
put
is that no problem no the is so
even praise me on the website
from van dell all angles can be five
times the weight of these cabinets
in my mind that in this suitcase next to in
road that would already say 26 pounds of well
I find it hard to feel after one
bring a party but yes if you have to
you are also less bothered by us
comes with 2 men yes and sometimes with
test and here on the first floor is then
it was quite a joke for him to go to
to top it he is also the one
beautiful water pools that is on the processor
placed
yes and inside it looks pretty nice
from here is a 500 watt power supply
delta
modular here is also a small detail
the cabinet lighting that sits through this
connector against a print on the
casting pete messing with the with
post cables yes it looks very
neat yes and cabinet lighting
then innovate by going ahead he stands
now on blue
you can set everything on you
want to find your own very beautiful is possible too
yes I had blinked etcetera
etcetera via the control panel of
a
my work can really do that all the way up
we can also put your own hand
specific configurations with games and such
when I think about it I have a lot to do
everything for that matter yes ask that
will immediately occur to many people if
You can use the ready qualification system
You must purchase it with this configuration
do until the end of time or falls
who some to upgrade weirder
he is quite the top three to upgrade
look basically it is that i do
space
together are largely specific to
an insert developed things like it
motherboard it is and music and msi
motherboard
but a lot in west that also it
Eemian deflate again but also
so remzi number
and as it makes recognizable yes
it is the historical variant of this
motherboard in a separate box my
jerk off and if you feel also in bios
there is also something about it
is right there is also a possibility
piece of software with which you
that can be funny the
overclocking settings is below it
Cup
mailbox coffee quraysh and i don't know
where that where that translated error today
is but yes you can be the one and
Another do look down all the boxes with
just in the pub the food is normal
modular so you can basically be there
put another food into it with impunity
there are only four
memory bank but I think for the
most people 16 gigabytes or already
Enough
yes yes then the question finally remains and
that is apples with pears that I realize
Something like that, now a good choice
or you can simply go to the
alternate or final or any other
Kumite store then and there in games
system will set the bar assemblies
because for hard to be able to
once cheaper than one in it
no doubt come but I have you
gets very nice here of course
system a very special system
back and of course it does
they were more like them and like you said I
ok you can you can i games system
put together in a very cheap cast
van but I much 59 euros or something but you
can also be a little more expensive costco view
and this is of course a total picture
with all sorts and your there support
service is there and if so yes if you
there is to appreciate that
of course very interesting to the
cat who goes through i want for dime
sit on the first rank then you can
that of course also always like you
if you want something special then you have to go for it
Pay
and come to that conclusion and the end
from this episode of hart info tv
we are really every monday wednesday and
Friday thanks for watching and see you
the next time
use as air cooler and then over
switch to such a custom for a while
set where you as in you on the photo
that is another can connect for
is, of course, you don't have to
special cool box
to buy a guarantee is completely for
each other with the device no ge and no
pleasure that is concerned does not have to be the
take it off so that is in
basically long benefit if you so